I will never forget the name Wu Tiantian.
No, this, Boss Ma. You listen to what I have to say first.
I am a palace protector.
I really can't decide anything. I’m also very sad about Wu Tiantian’s death.
But there's really nothing I can do. wife,
You should explain everything clearly to the Blue Dragon District.
Maybe, there is no misunderstanding here.
That's right, that's clear. good,
I said, I will protect the palace every day.
On the day Tiantian arrived, Dr. Wang Guilian drew only 600cc of blood.
Changed me out. In the evening, Dr. Wang drew another 400cc of blood.
Crying every day and refusing to let go
I also blocked
But my life has changed me again
I heard them at the door
Every day is a panda heart
Smells more
January zero arrives
They moved me to another ward.
Every day when we come to the hospital
I also told them
Let them take the children away early
There is nothing wrong with the child
What I didn't expect was
There is no such thing as a good boy.